SCALRCORE-19846 Publish Modules to preview API (#76)
Scalr/terraform-provider-scalr: docs/resources/scalr_workspace.md

  Defaults to `true`.
* `terraform_version` - (Optional) The version of Terraform to use for this workspace. Defaults to the latest available version.
* `working_directory` - (Optional) A relative path that Terraform will be run in. Defaults to the root of the repository `""`.

> * `module_version_id` - (Optional) ID of module version, in the format `modver-<RANDOM STRING>`. This attribute conflict with `vcs_provider_id` and `vcs_repo` attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `module_version_id` - (Optional) The identifier of a module version in the format `modver-<RANDOM STRING>`. This attribute conflicts with `vcs_provider_id` and `vcs_repo` attributes.
```
